    main
        main.temp Temperature. Unit Default: Kelvin, Metric: Celsius, Imperial: Fahrenheit

        main.feels_like Temperature. This temperature parameter accounts for the human perception of weather. 
        
        Unit Default: Kelvin, Metric: Celsius, Imperial: Fahrenheit
        
        main.pressure Atmospheric pressure on the sea level, hPa
        
        main.humidity Humidity, %
        
        main.temp_min Minimum temperature at the moment. This is minimal currently observed temperature (within large megalopolises and urban areas). Please find more info here. Unit Default: Kelvin, 
        
        Metric: Celsius, Imperial: Fahrenheit
        
        main.temp_max Maximum temperature at the moment. This is maximal currently observed temperature (within large megalopolises and urban areas). Please find more info here. Unit Default: Kelvin, 
        
        Metric: Celsius, Imperial: Fahrenheit
        
        main.sea_level Atmospheric pressure on the sea level, hPa
        
        main.grnd_level Atmospheric pressure on the ground level, hPa
    visibility Visibility, meter. The maximum value of the visibility is 10 km
    wind
        wind.speed Wind speed. Unit Default: meter/sec, Metric: meter/sec, Imperial: miles/hour
        wind.deg Wind direction, degrees (meteorological)
        wind.gust Wind gust. Unit Default: meter/sec, Metric: meter/sec, Imperial: miles/hour
    clouds
        clouds.all Cloudiness, %
    rain
        rain.1h (where available) Rain volume for the last 1 hour, mm. Please note that only mm as units of measurement are available for this parameter
        rain.3h (where available) Rain volume for the last 3 hours, mm. Please note that only mm as units of measurement are available for this parameter
    snow
        snow.1h(where available) Snow volume for the last 1 hour, mm. Please note that only mm as units of measurement are available for this parameter
        snow.3h (where available)Snow volume for the last 3 hours, mm. Please note that only mm as units of measurement are available for this parameter
    dt = Time of data calculation, unix, UTC
    sys
        sys.type Internal parameter
        sys.id Internal parameter
        sys.message Internal parameter
        sys.country Country code (GB, JP etc.)
        sys.sunrise Sunrise time, unix, UTC
        sys.sunset Sunset time, unix, UTC
    timezone = Shift in seconds from UTC
    id = City ID. Please note that built-in geocoder functionality has been deprecated. Learn more here
    name = City name. Please note that built-in geocoder functionality has been deprecated. Learn more here
    cod = Internal parameter

